You want to design a database for managing the activities of a university based on the following information:
University staff includes administration staff, technicians and teachers. Each staff member is identified by a unique code and is characterized by first name, last name and email address. The department in which they work is also known for each staff member. Departments are identified by a unique code; department name and telephone number are also known. For administration staff, their type of job is known. For teachers, the position held at each time interval, expressed in terms of start date and end date (if available), is known. Positions that may be held by teachers are identified by a unique code and characterized by name and a description.
Courses are offered at the university. Each course is identified by a unique code and characterized by its name, number of credits and the degree at which it is offered. For each course, the disciplinary area to which it belongs is also known. Each disciplinary area is identified by a code; the name of the disciplinary area and the list of subjects covered by the disciplinary area are also known. For each course the list of teachers assigned to the course is known. Each teacher can participate in more than one course.
You want to memorize the lectures that have been held for each course. Each lecture is identified by the course for which it is offered, the date it is held, and the start time. The end time is also known for each lecture. Lectures can be theoretical lectures or practises. For theoretical lectures, the list of topics covered and the classroom at which the lecture is held is known. Classrooms in the university are identified by a unique code; for each classroom, the number of seats available and the location in the university, are known. For each practise, the list of tools used and the laboratory at which the practise takes place are known. Laboratories are identified by a unique code and characterized by the number of computers available.
Students enrolled at the university are identified by a student ID number. For each student, the name, surname, list of email addresses and residence, expressed as country, city and address where the student resides, are also known. For each student, the list of courses that the student has attended is also known.
Each course includes homework that allows students to earn additional points. Each homework is identified by a unique title within the course in which it is offered and is characterized by the required delivery date and the maximum number of points that can be acquired by the student. The database must store the list of students who have delivered each homework. Please note that each student can deliver different homework but each homework only once.
The database must store the exam rounds for the different courses. Each exam round is identified by the course for which the exam is held, the date and the start time. For each exam round, the duration and the list of students who took the exam are also known.
At the university there are student teams. Each student team is identified by a unique code and characterized by a name. You want to store all time intervals, expressed as start date and end date (if available), in which each student participated in a student team. Consider that the same student may have participated multiple times in the same student team in different time intervals. Also, the same student may have participated in different student teams, even at the same time.
Student teams can participate in competitions. Each competition is identified by a code and characterized by a name. You want to store all the dates on which a student team has participated in a competition and the position achieved in the ranking. Consider that the same team can participate in several different competitions even on the same date.
